src/pages/blog/2016-12-17-making-sense-of-the-scaas-new-flavor-wheel.md, before:

---
templateKey: blog-post
title: Making sense of the SCAA’s new Flavor Wheel
date: 2016-12-17T15:04:10.000Z
featuredpost: false
featuredimage: /img/flavor_wheel.jpg
description: The Coffee Taster’s Flavor Wheel, the official resource used by coffee tasters, has been revised for the first time this year.
tags:
  - flavor
  - tasting
---
![flavor wheel](/img/flavor_wheel.jpg)

The SCAA updated the wheel to reflect the finer nuances needed to describe flavors more precisely. The new descriptions are more detailed and hence allow cuppers to distinguish between more flavors.

While this is going to be a big change for professional coffee tasters, it means a lot to you as a consumer as well. We’ll explain how the wheel came to be, how pros use it and what the flavors actually mean.

## What the updates mean to you

The Specialty Coffee Association of America (SCAA), founded in 1982, is a non-profit trade organization for the specialty coffee industry. With members located in more than 40 countries, SCAA represents every segment of the specialty coffee industry, including:

* producers
* roasters
* importers/exporters
* retailers
* manufacturers
* baristas

For over 30 years, SCAA has been dedicated to creating a vibrant specialty coffee community by recognizing, developing and promoting specialty coffee. SCAA sets and maintains quality standards for the industry, conducts market research, and provides education, training, resources, and business services for its members.

Coffee cupping, or coffee tasting, is the practice of observing the tastes and aromas of brewed coffee. It is a professional practice but can be done informally by anyone or by professionals known as "Q Graders". A standard coffee cupping procedure involves deeply sniffing the coffee, then loudly slurping the coffee so it spreads to the back of the tongue.

The coffee taster attempts to measure aspects of the coffee's taste, specifically the body (the texture or mouthfeel, such as oiliness), sweetness, acidity (a sharp and tangy feeling, like when biting into an orange), flavour (the characters in the cup), and aftertaste. Since coffee beans embody telltale flavours from the region where they were grown, cuppers may attempt to identify the coffee's origin.

Commit message:

Update Blog “2016-12-17-making-sense-of-the-scaas-new-flavor-wheel”

src/pages/blog/2016-12-17-making-sense-of-the-scaas-new-flavor-wheel.md, after:

---
templateKey: blog-post
title: WWE Royal Rumble 2022 on 13th February 2022
date: 2022-02-11T18:58:10.000Z
description: One of the most waited event of the year will begin in just a few days.
featuredpost: false
featuredimage: /img/8aee9d5fe9368d143e251167ec3eb449_crop_exact.jpg
tags:
  - WU
  - RoyalRumble
---
![just 2 days distance](/img/8aee9d5fe9368d143e251167ec3eb449_crop_exact.jpg)

The WWE's RAW General Manager, Iobaggg, updated the card to reflect the exciting needed to describe more excitement.

While this is going to be a big change for professional wrestling, it means a lot to you as a fan as well. We’ll explain how the WWE came to be, how pros use it and what the action actually mean.

## What the updates mean to you

The World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), founded in WU, by the Chosen One Drew, is a  professional wrestling organization for the WU's pro-wrestling industry. With members located in more than 40 countries, WWE represents every segment of the specialty wrestling industry, including:

* storytelling
* performance
* heroes/villains
* entertainment
* professionalism
* glory

For over 3 years, WWE has been dedicated to creating a vibrant WU community by recognizing, developing and promoting their roster. WWE sets and maintains quality standards for the industry, conducts market research, and provides education, training, resources, and business services for its members.

This year the Royal Rumble match will keep his tradition of being an 30-Man entrant Battle-Royale match who will assure to his winner an shot at one the two World titles at the biggest event of the year, WrestleMania.

The fans attempts to measure aspects of the event, specifically the match (the excitement when the fans wants to find out who'll be the winner), the count, the surprises (the wrestler who are ready to make their debuts, returns or new looks), and the winner.
